Create a software release management tool that meets the following requirements (in Rust). 

=== GENERAL SPECIFICATIONS ===
1. Compiles to a single binary file, I want the backend to embed the frontend code into it, serving the static files. I also want it to act as the API. Deployment should consist of copying a single binary to the deployment server.
2. SSO login flow through GitHub.
3. Front-end should be developed in Rust and built to WASM. 
4. Use Sled for transient storage, store scheduled releases and their current state, persisting across app start-ups.
5. Stream live updates from back-end release operations to the front-end via WebSockets. Data in here would include information about ongoing release items, errors, failures, and STDOUT and STDERR from the release processes
6. Chat function built in, so all current users of the tool can have a general chat room.

=== API SPECIFICATIONS ===
1. create, update, delete endpoints that let you modify the state of a Release
2. login flow via GitHub with redirect and callback URL
3. stores user sessions and WebSocket connections. Periodically prunes stale websocket connections
4. Checks every minute for queued releases that have elapsed their scheduled start datetime.
5. When releases scheduled starts have elapsed, it runs the associated deployment items.
6. Deployment items at this time are "data", "solr", and "app". For development purposes they can just be an echo statement and a sleep.
7. Stream STDOUT and STDERR line-by-line to the frontend (broadcast to all active clients), as well as status messages/changes for each release.
8. endpoint that supplies a list of known clients
9. Users should not be able to create concurrent releases for the same client.
10. Notificiation mechanism, Teams, Email, etc. To be fleshed out later.

=== FRONT END SPECIFICATIONS ===
1. WASM binary
2. Kanban style board that takes up entire screen, with three Environments, Development, Staging, and Production.
3. Releases are "cards" that move between the Environments. Drag and drop functionality would be nice to have (not required).
4. Release status (percentage complete, current status, errors etc.) displayed at a glance on release cards.
5. Release details menu where user can see pertinent details for each release, as well as view detailed log output for deployment items.
6. Users need to be able to "clear" or delete releases in the front-end menu, clearing marks them as good to move to the next environment.
7. Users should be able to update scheduled move time when clearing a release in "staging", they might clear the release in staging during the day and then schedule it for production after hours, or on a different day.
8. Users should have a general chat room with each other within the tool, broadcast to all other clients, with their usernames.
9. Users should be able to create a new release via a form, it takes the following information, (title, client - select populated from client endpoint, current environment, final target environment, deployment items (data, solr, app) - these could be toggles or checkmarks.
10. Users should have the option to "skip staging" and deploy from "Development to Production". Releases can take the following paths, Development -> Staging -> Production, Development -> Production, Development -> Staging, Staging -> Production.

Progress:

We have a working dashboard that is styled correctly, we just need to button up some functionality with the releases and the backend functions. The purpose of the backend is to run various bash scripts and stream their output to the front-end, both STDOUT and STDERR, we want to also collect the exit codes from these processes and figure out if the exited successfully. Based on that we want to update the progress bars on the release cards and find a nice way to display the output from the scripts, they can be quite verbose. 

I want the Dismiss button in the main frontend to slide away and disappear with when the user presses Dismiss, I also want the messages to disappear after a few seconds. I'd like there to be button in the header the toggles the application log that collects these notifications. The little banner that appears at the bottom is great, lets keep that for errors but add a differently styled one for Info notifications. I'd like it to be exactly the same but a different color, maybe green or blue.
